#labels Featured
Visit Saada web [http://saada.u-strasbg/fr pages]

= You Have Data Files - Saada Makes your Database =
		
	

  * *Saada transforms a set of heterogeneous FITS files or VOtables* of various categories (images, tables, spectra....) in a powerful database deployed on the Web. Databases are located on your host and stay independent of any external server. This job doesn’t require to write code.

  * *Saada can mix data of various categories* in multiple collections. Data collections can be linked each to others making relevant browsing paths and allowing data-mining oriented queries (see the video)

  * *Saada supports 4 VO services* (Spectra, images, sources and TAP) . Data collections can be published immediately after the deployment of the Web interface.


= [http://saada.u-strasbg.fr/saada/spip.php?article220 Saada 1.6.0]: released with 3 major improvements: =

  * *No longer difficulties* with the installation of MySQL or PostgresQL by using SQLITE, an embedded database. The database server is replaced with a simple file used as database volume. Current tests show a good performance level even for middle sized database (read [http://saada.u-strasbg.fr/saada/spip.php?article233 more])

  * TAP implementation*: SaadaDBs can be accessed by using the TAP VO protocol. Besides SaadaQL queries can thus be stated in ADQL and processed in asynchronous mode.

  * New web interface*: easy browsing, easy query setup, easy access to meta data, stay connected with the VO with SAMP 

= WHAT TO DO WITH SAADA =

  * *Build SQL tables* from your data file without writing any SQL code line.

  * *Give your data* a *powerful web interface* to browse, select or export it.

  * *Publish your data* collections to the *VO*

  * *Link your data* together and enjoy *data ming* oriented queries